Migrate to graphql-core-next (#61)
mirumee/ariadne: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.2.0 (UNRELEASED)

- Removed support for Python 3.5 and added support for 3.7.
- Moved to `GraphQL-core-next` that supports `async` resolvers, query execution and implements more recent version of GraphQL spec. If you are updating existing project, you will need to uninstall `graphql-core` before installing `graphql-core-next`, as both libraries use `graphql` namespace.

> - `Boolean` build-in scalar now checks the type of serialized value. Returning value of type other than `bool`, `int` or `float` from field resolver will result in `Boolean cannot represent a non boolean value` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Boolean` built-in scalar now checks the type of each serialized value. Returning values of type other than `bool`, `int` or `float` from a field resolver will result in a `Boolean cannot represent a non boolean value` error.
```
